where everyone is the video
is today we are on the map
in the confirmed elimination so here it is
is in life on shows and his mandate
raffard 3 and go my cock and I
am going to play with a track bias weapon
became important non peaceful purposes
Donations some cases 9
but those tears that revolutionized the
game it's the series to say it but no
remy a new Nasser I am fighting
balls I leap a hang
biatch because I want me it's the
expose and yeah that was the ease
but I do not care if you judge live
and I'm here it's me but I'm here
for a good cause
in fact I knew there because I
want to do better or what I'm not
dared to moderate by 3 1 very choice of god
despite that there has been a lot of that done
for a lot of time for a party
it's him so how does it work and that
finally happens that he will be able to see a
to cook and that by cons I want to do
smashing it made me break the balls
ok ok kg me I put myself in the game
so much time it's good it's good
it's good it's okay go francky that's
good
bazire is put his candy bazire anthem
at the micro usb it annoys me
go together with his beautiful vases and remy these
candy lease and to anyone in front of the co
op and a whore there's never anything in play
I promise that call of it gets me drunk
lot for now I think
you come on battlefield or do not know
what and the mass effect our fucking
no there there there is a problem some
part where the mans I promise you that me
breaks the balls
I do not want to play I have not seen and
nothing to do what will be the balls
so yes if I do a double that has
then changed the weekend
a third case yes he went then they
are shielded under license to
summits he saw me and I got you monette
thiolettes and I kill you turn I you
tu
no I kill you see it and but is that
you you and here you are dead he waited
his package and that I'm going to have a package
that's the idea that I'm going to have a package
but when he is on the roof announced
parcel bombs
be careful what to do
it's his house like that and then
advanced - that's pretty good
the moment is ok
these agencies will cost us
do not have anyone
at the bar he is here he is there she is
there the rise of the show roger shoah gdp
blues they can water it's good there I
left there to be hot it's a
sick, it's gone my cock
we lick the part because he can
kills with a grenade happened that me
trips the sleeves and I thought
take the parcel bomb and not only
10 seats that the task is in a
dead end
ok y'a my pape yachting cover love
not block cover it is beautiful but it's
That's it that's it that's it
ok we left 22.2 what do you need not
picking too much platelets and world
damn they'll get there they go
to arrive live in the winter they are there they
are there they are there they are no longer the
room is already there the authors must
that start where there are people by alaba
there over there for the way to the
low
on the other hand my problem of all good them
guys I'm against this comment he has
so already had not done much to
to say as usual that it 's all about you
are pitch but not by against to be desired
on killed with the grenade and the battle pledges
I'm aware risk is like a
little death that can happen there from a
minute to another
it would be nice enough for you
still live
Noah then it's me I think it's cool
I would like it to happen there roof
flat looks more simple and viau here
that's a little blurry words that an average seen
until then because it gets hot
place
Thales is the same here because there
a month ago benoît blin and here it is
alas and it's dangerous
Here it's dangerous here it is
very dangerous for me amputated months in
Europe
ona me wheat gala marble and agree
on his game cassette he is deaf his
game and dominate all there I like
I stayed at zero sum where a small
40 to 3 but good the good song that the
top tell you oh fucking whore he is
too loud he has a predator either
it is affordable care
baby my stepmother named me and the
voters to whores what is it over
no no what's that java java sylla
to be in Cannes but what a stroke of luck
but no is proven that she was going to run
from the col d'agnel and hop I take the
two pads and it's over it's over
but I do not care in any case guys
I just wanted to say a happy
birthday to my fabian poto that
I like at the same time it is necessary neither false nor paul
and here is a big big up to you fabian
giger big up 18 years old and mature
good age short we do not care big kisses
kisses
happy birthday and happy birthday to
all those born on April 17 here
but I have nothing to fix live I'm typing
the bar I'm doing ten classes to my
buddy years and climb more respect
month and where and if you do not like
there I do not understand if you were a
alone and I do not like I promise you I
you promise I find in the zip and I
come home and I give you a shot
of beep living room hosts a lot less
negative and I had coffee shops
mystery that this babyle there and me